Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-docklayoutmanager-merge-bars-in-controls-that-support-automatic-merging: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T325614)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Merge Bars in Controls That Support Automatic Merging

> The following control support automatic bar merging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following controls support automatic bar merging:
```

* [DXTabControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/7975/controls-and-libraries/layout-management/tab-control/fundamentals/dxtabcontrol)
* [Dock Layout Manager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/6191/controls-and-libraries/layout-management/dock-windows)

> In this example, the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) control implements the tabbed MDI interface. The main application window and tabs contains MainMenuControls which are merged when a document is selected or expanded in the MDI mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) control implements the tabbed MDI interface. The main application window and tabs contain MainMenuControls that are merged when a document is selected or expanded in MDI mode.
```
